# what-is-digital-markeitng-
What is digital marketing  ?  Digital marketing services is a multifaceted strategy aimed to target, reach out To and build relationship with customer online, across a broad range  Of channels, ultimately getting them to make purchases  in the future.  The results of digital marketing are dramatic. Blogging alone can help  Brands bring in 71 percent more leads compared to those that never  Post and more. Seo services also boasts a conversion rate of 14.7 percent, which is dramatically higher than the 1.7 percent conversion rate that traditional Outbound method deliver.   Digital marketing consists of the following tactics:   Search engine optimization (seo)  Content marketing  Email marketing  Social media marketing  Facebook ads Google ads  Mobile marketing  Online marketing    digital marketing agencince employs a wide variety of differents tactics, Strategies, and more online tools to help a business attain its marketing and Sales goals. This can make planning and executing a successful digital  Marketing campaign a challenge prospect for most solopreneurs and smaller marketing departments.  Given the scope of digital marketing, it’s helpful to look at the most popular Types of digital marketing agencies and the services they offer and more.   7 types of digital marketing agencies  Choosing a digital marketing agency can be challenging if you aren’t with the industry. Some agencies specialize in one industry of service while others offer a broad range of services. Remember that the  Best one for your business will depend on your budget. Your digital marketing goals and objectives, and how hands on you want to be in your  Digital marketing.   1. Digital marketing agency  A digital marketing agency reaches customer online through omnichannel Marketing, multichannel marketing. Or single-channel marketing. With  Multichannel and single-channel marketing, agencies interact with customers in one or multiple channel such as website, blogs, email, Social media facebook ads youtube ads, and more. Omnichannel marketing refers to marketing that Provides a seamless customer experience across channels and devices Throughout their lifecycle a digital marketing agency typically won’t offer Traditional marketing services    2. Full-services digital marketing agency        A full-services digital marketing agency tends to be larger than most other Types of agencies and offer a variety of digital marketing agency. Businesses often partner with full-services digital marketing agencies because they have the experience doing specific projects that the businesses need done, such as lead nurture campaigns or a website  Redesign.   3. Inbound marketing agency   Inbound marketing agencies offer  inbound marketing tactics and strategies, which differ from traditional outbound strategies. Inbound agency seek to position a business online where customers can find  them, build trust over time and eventually generate sales. Inbound strategies can yield significant results over time, but they typically retire  A longer time horizon before leads and sales “Hockey stick” up.   4.seo agency   Digital marketing agencies that specialize in seo(search angine optimization) help their clients’ website and website content to rank High on search results. They will have a special performance the following.   Keyword research  Website audits  Backlink audits Website and blog content  Metadata assessment (checking the quality of URL, title tags, meta descriptions, etc and more) Video description optimization  Link building  And more    5.online ad agency/ppc agency   Paid search, also called paid advertising, is another way to generate  Traffic to a website. Spending money to bid on keywords and ad placement on search Results. Digital ads can appear on websites, search results pages (SERPs), social media channels and more. This can bring you leads quickly, But your campaign must be properly set up to reach your target audience.  Digital marketing agencies that focus on online marketing ads know how to produceAttention-getting, optimized ads that conform to best practices.    6. Social media agency   When companies turn to Social Media Agencies, they need helps with starting and maintaining a social media presence on the Internet. Social Media Agency provides service on many platforms like Facebook Ads, Instagram Ads, YouTube Ads and more.They may also offer influencer Marketing for cross promotion.  7. Web design agency   A web designing agency is a group of creative designers who build customized websites or web pages for businesses or for personal use. Web Designer will handle the look, feel, and outcome of the pages,  Whether it’s for a fresh website, a website and also for redesigners. There are many common services between web designers and ui/ui designers. 
